README.md, before:

# Projects

**Projects from some of the courses taken at Blekinge Institue of Technology (Blekinge Tekniska Högskola).**

## Python

### Analyzer

This project retrieves some regular information from a user chosen file:

* lines: Analyze the number of non-empty lines.
* words: Analyze the number of words.
* letters: Analyze the number of characters and letters.
* word frequency: Analyze the frequency of the words.
* letter frequency: Analyze the frequency of the letters.
* all: Analyze the file.

### Sort

A program that handles a list by doing different things with it, such as:

* Checks if list is empty.
* Adds an item to the list.
* Inserts an item to a specific index.
* Edits an item in the list.
* Gets the size of the list.
* Gets an item's value from the list.
* Searches for an item and gets its index.
* Checks items in the list.
* Removes an item from the list.
* Adds random items to the list.
* Sorts the list by insertion sort.
* Sorts the list by bubble sort.

### Spellchecker

This program uses the Trie data structure for adding, sorting and retrieving words from a dictionary. The program comes with a large dictionary. As default it starts with a smaller dictionary. Among other things it presents word suggestions:

* Check if a word exists.
* Add a word.
* Get word suggestions from the dictionary.
* Change dictionary.
* Print all words in the dictionary.

## PHP

### Nättraby Vägmuseum

[Website: https://nattraby-road-museum.kryman.me/](https://nattraby-road-museum.kryman.me/)

A website with some information from Nättraby Vägmuseum (Nättraby road museum) in Blekinge. This site uses the following technologies: HTML, CSS, PHP and SQLite.

### Technical web design

[Website: https://design.kryman.me](https://design.kryman.me)

I have added some pages in a website made by the PHP framework Anax. The site has different styles to choose from which almost all of them I created and I have also written some information on the subject of technical web design. 

## JavaScript

[Website: https://javascript.kryman.me/](https://javascript.kryman.me/)

### Applications

* flags: Flags are created by pure CSS.

* dom: Clicking on the green box makes it possible to interact with it with the keyboard. The arrows (up, down, left and right) moves the box. A quick double click removes the box. "u" unselects and "i" selects the box. "p" shifts the color of the box and creates random circles inside it. "q" increases and "w" decreaseas the size of an external box on top of the first box. "y" removes all selected boxes. "e" toggles from normal to a circle. "r" change the color. "t" copies selected boxes. "a" and "s" increases/decreases the z-index respectively. Try playing around and select some boxes and try some key combinations on these.
Clicking on the alarm bell starts a countdown to 0 and prints a simple message.

* hangman: The game is called Hangman. To win you need to guess some letters to reveal the hidden words before the full image is rendered.

* intelligence: A continuous game consisting of several tests where each test contains some tasks to accomplish in order to collect as many points as possible. First part consists of JavaScript questions. Second is Fizzbuzz. Third is a memory test where nine flags will be presented for five seconds. The fourth part is about visual ability and reading comprehension. The test during 15 seconds will present 10 unique objects and at the same time a list will be presented to click on the objects in the order they are presented from the list. In the fifth and last test, about perception, an object is presented during one second and for another second a paus is made. 10 objects (same as in the previous test) will be presented. The test is about to click, or not to click on an object which fulfills, or not fulfills any of the three options presented.

## C#

### Applications

* mavic2pro: Programming in C# and XAML towards a Mavic 2 Pro/Enterprise drone (DJI) for creating a waypoint mission.

Commit message:

Added a PHP Just Code website.

README.md, after:

# Projects

**Projects from some of the courses taken at Blekinge Institue of Technology (Blekinge Tekniska Högskola).**

## Python

### Analyzer

This project retrieves some regular information from a user chosen file:

* lines: Analyze the number of non-empty lines.
* words: Analyze the number of words.
* letters: Analyze the number of characters and letters.
* word frequency: Analyze the frequency of the words.
* letter frequency: Analyze the frequency of the letters.
* all: Analyze the file.

### Sort

A program that handles a list by doing different things with it, such as:

* Checks if list is empty.
* Adds an item to the list.
* Inserts an item to a specific index.
* Edits an item in the list.
* Gets the size of the list.
* Gets an item's value from the list.
* Searches for an item and gets its index.
* Checks items in the list.
* Removes an item from the list.
* Adds random items to the list.
* Sorts the list by insertion sort.
* Sorts the list by bubble sort.

### Spellchecker

This program uses the Trie data structure for adding, sorting and retrieving words from a dictionary. The program comes with a large dictionary. As default it starts with a smaller dictionary. Among other things it presents word suggestions:

* Check if a word exists.
* Add a word.
* Get word suggestions from the dictionary.
* Change dictionary.
* Print all words in the dictionary.

## PHP

### Nättraby Vägmuseum

[Website: https://nattraby-road-museum.kryman.me/](https://nattraby-road-museum.kryman.me/)

A website with some information from Nättraby Vägmuseum (Nättraby road museum) in Blekinge. This site uses the following technologies: HTML, CSS, PHP and SQLite.

### Technical web design

[Website: https://design.kryman.me](https://design.kryman.me)

I have added some pages in a website made by the PHP framework Anax. The site has different styles to choose from which almost all of them I created and I have also written some information on the subject of technical web design. 

### Just Code

[Website: https://just-code.kryman.me/](https://just-code.kryman.me/)

A similar Stack Overflow website. The site is using the following technologies: HTML, CSS, JavaScript, PHP and MySQL.

## JavaScript

[Website: https://javascript.kryman.me/](https://javascript.kryman.me/)

### Applications

* flags: Flags are created by pure CSS.

* dom: Clicking on the green box makes it possible to interact with it with the keyboard. The arrows (up, down, left and right) moves the box. A quick double click removes the box. "u" unselects and "i" selects the box. "p" shifts the color of the box and creates random circles inside it. "q" increases and "w" decreaseas the size of an external box on top of the first box. "y" removes all selected boxes. "e" toggles from normal to a circle. "r" change the color. "t" copies selected boxes. "a" and "s" increases/decreases the z-index respectively. Try playing around and select some boxes and try some key combinations on these.
Clicking on the alarm bell starts a countdown to 0 and prints a simple message.

* hangman: The game is called Hangman. To win you need to guess some letters to reveal the hidden words before the full image is rendered.

* intelligence: A continuous game consisting of several tests where each test contains some tasks to accomplish in order to collect as many points as possible. First part consists of JavaScript questions. Second is Fizzbuzz. Third is a memory test where nine flags will be presented for five seconds. The fourth part is about visual ability and reading comprehension. The test during 15 seconds will present 10 unique objects and at the same time a list will be presented to click on the objects in the order they are presented from the list. In the fifth and last test, about perception, an object is presented during one second and for another second a paus is made. 10 objects (same as in the previous test) will be presented. The test is about to click, or not to click on an object which fulfills, or not fulfills any of the three options presented.

* [vue-reports](https://kryman.me/#/): Simple application created in the framework Vue.js for creation of reports. The frontend connects to the backend via the APIs and the login use JWT.

* [vue-stocks](https://stock.kryman.me/#/): Application created in the framework Vue.js for getting updated stock prices via sockets presented in a graph for each stock. The frontend connects to the backend via the APIs and the login use JWT.

## C#

### Applications

* mavic2pro: Programming in C# and XAML towards a Mavic 2 Pro/Enterprise drone (DJI) for creating a waypoint mission.
